what's up guys it's Ryan Benecke let's
take a look at plants vs. zombies on the
PS vita plants vs. zombies is on the PS
Vita
here's what I'm not gonna do I'm not
gonna do it the game as a whole plants
vs. zombies has been out for years and
has been made available for multiple
platforms you should know by now if you
want the game or not what I am gonna do
however is review the PSP the specifics
of the game so you can get an idea of if
you want this version or not so here it
goes the game looks great the viewed as
beautiful OLED screen does wonders here
and the game is brightly lit with the
vibrant colors of the game no issues
here the game has all the extras you'd
expect your Zen garden is here the tree
of wisdom all extra minigames like
zombunny slot machines and aquarium and
more survival modes are present of
course and listen iZombie endless pretty
much everything the game has to offer on
other platforms is here so nothing is
watered-down as far as touch goes the
front touch works fine the only back
touch used here is for the tapping of
the glass aquarium in your zen garden
which is not really useful one great
feature i found is that you can shake
your Vita to collect Sun I found this to
be one of the best use of motion
controls in a long time it's very
practical here and I actually used it a
lot the only real issue I had with the
game is that does to have some slowdown
periods during heavier waves especially
in survival endless have fun trying to
even use your Vita properly when you're
on wave 44 a trophy lastly a really nice
bonus here is a full trophy list with a
platinum at $15 it's kind of hard to
recommend plants vs. zombies on Vita
chances are you have it somewhere else
and you probably didn't pay $15 for it
but the game has some nice beat of
bonuses if you're a trophy hunter or you
really love plants vs. zombies to death
it's a good buy here